you see the bunny it's right there see
how close I can get to the buddy hey
bunny I'm a loser straight up Loserville
oh you gotta check the players stats
today where you're from but sure you
wait go back go back this one go back
that boy with a matching hat oh you
gotta check is the player stats it ain't
waitin promise will you will you go back
out put on people's before you throw
back King once again another pickup
video for you guys I was better last
long it's been a while since I last
video but um I picked up a few things I
picked up this baseball tight shirt
jersey Patrick Ewing holy is shirt with
a 33 in the back goes perfect with the
whole year 33 highs which I'm wearing
right now also picked up this st.
Vincent st. Mary's lebron sure with a
dunk it's really though nothing in the
back but shout out to draft axeman check
about jet packs calm did you have some
folks so good i retro stuff
definitely go ahead him up and now for
my jersey pick up i had his jersey a
while back sold it regret selling it i
actually got it back in my collection
and it's my mitch richmond sacramento
kings alternate jersey with that half
black half purple jersey with the
checkered side richmond in the back
double stitch numbering and actually is
triple stage memory lettering I'm so
happy to have this jury's back in my
collection man Mitch Richmond to
Richmond to me is the most underrated
basketball player ever hopefully you'll
be in the Hall of Fame next year which
is eligible for he's eligible this year
but they didn't get it but um that's
gonna do for my jersey pick up now for
my sneaker pick up it's gonna be the
feline 95 the gray Hills is Ricky is
Ricky joints I love how fila fila
those attention to details when it comes
to the box the exact actual sneaker of
the box print it on there good ego
absolutely iconic sneaker I'm so glad
you came back I'm so happy that the spac
tubes are coming back feel of you guys
watching this video video please put
stack on the back that's that's all I
want for the stack tunes man but anyways
then this sneaker I had this ad the
original og pair from videos while back
how to get I had a subtle because I
didn't fit me but got my size is our
true to size um classic iconic sneaker
to feel that I flied berryhill wiki
joints so cuz my pickup but um that's
gonna do it so shout out to all my
subscribers man all my new subscribers
be shot to you guys all my supporters
man all the jersey is all the sneaker
lovers baby i'm subscribed subscribe you
have thank you what